Helm chart for consent validator (#500)
datakaveri/iudx-deployment: K8s-deployment/Charts/consent-validator/README.md

## Introduction

Helm Chart for IUDX Consent Validator Server Deployment

## Generating secrets

Make a copy of sample secrets directory:

```console

> cp -r example-secrets/secrets .

Reviewer: There is no secrets directory inside the example-secrets dir currently, add it.

```
```
# secrets directory after generation of secret files
secrets/

> ├── .cv.env

Reviewer: no sample `.cv.env` file present. add it.

└── config.json
└── keystore
```

> Configure the env file .config.env in secret/ appropriately

Reviewer: Fix and mention the correct files that need to be configured.

## Define Appropriate values of resources

> Define Appropriate values of resources -

Reviewer: Add that the hostname also has to be configured for ingress.

## Introduction

Helm Chart for IUDX Consent Validator Server Deployment

## Generating secrets

Make a copy of sample secrets directory:

```console
cp -r example-secrets/secrets .
```
```
# secrets directory after generation of secret files
secrets/
├── .cv.env
└── config.json
└── keystore
```

> Configure the env file .cv.env in secret/ appropriately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the `.cv.env` and `config.json` files in secrets/ appropriately
```
